Updated docs with notes about deprecated adapters (#75)
laminas/laminas-serializer: docs/book/v2/adapter.md

The [JSON](http://wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript_Object_Notation) adapter provides a bridge to the
[laminas-json](https://docs.laminas.dev/laminas-json) component.

> <!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line heading-increment -->
> > ### Deprecated
> >
> > Starting in version 2.18.0 and 3.2.0, the Json Adapter is deprecated, as the laminas-json
> > packages has been abandoned. While the Json Adapter is still available in the 3.x series,
> > it will be removed in 4.0.0.
> 

Reviewer: Can be simplified:

```suggestion
CAUTION: **Deprecated**
Starting in version 2.18.0 and 3.2.0, the Json Adapter is deprecated, as the laminas-json packages has been abandoned.
While the Json Adapter is still available in the 3.x series, it will be removed in 4.0.0.

```

Example: https://docs.laminas.dev/laminas-filter/v2/standard-filters/#blacklist

string representation. With it, you can read the serialized data with Python and
read Pickled data from Python with PHP.

> <!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line heading-increment -->
> > ### Deprecated
> >
> > Starting in version 2.15.0 this adapter has been deprecated. It will be removed
> > in 3.0.0 without any replacement.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CAUTION: **Deprecated**
Starting in version 2.15.0 this adapter has been deprecated.
It will be removed in 3.0.0 without any replacement.

```

mechanism for passing data between different environments and different
computers.

> <!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line heading-increment -->
> > ### Deprecated
> >
> > Starting in version 2.15.0 this adapter has been deprecated. It will be removed
> > in 3.0.0 without any replacement.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CAUTION: **Deprecated**
Starting in version 2.15.0 this adapter has been deprecated.
It will be removed in 3.0.0 without any replacement.

```
